Danny knew wandering in the Ghost Zone could be dangerous. He’d sat through dozens of lectures from his parents about it even before the portal accident, not to mention the many times he’d been there himself. But, well, sometimes he just needed to fly around for a bit in a place he wouldn’t be shot at by his arch-nemesis, or the government, or his ghost enemies, or his parents…

 

Hence why he was currently zooming around the middle of bum-fuck nowhere in the Zone, using the excuse of trying to make his own map of the place to wander. It still wasn’t very useful because of how little respect the Zone had for petty concepts like “space” and “time”, but it was the best he could do without borrowing the infi-map every other day. That was his first mistake.

 

“So the Swirling Vortex of Infinite Pain is over there, and the Spooky Mysterious Fog of Do Not Enter is over here…” Danny stopped drawing with a frown, glaring at the poorly scribbled shapes on his map before attacking them with an eraser. “Or more like the Random Squiggle of This Area, jeez. Maybe I should have taken that art class more seriously,” he grumbled sullenly to himself. 

 

His second mistake was paying more attention to his terrible drawing abilities than his surroundings. He didn’t notice when artifacts and doors began to change, becoming older and more archaic. He didn’t notice passing through a giant stone archway gouged with strange symbols and deep claw marks. He didn’t notice the strange symbols start to glow.

 

“Huh?”

 

However, he wasn’t so oblivious that he didn’t notice the bright flash of light that suddenly surrounded him, or the tugging sensation that grabbed him by his ghostly tail and tossed him through a giant wooden door with ominous skull decorations.

 

His last thought before his body was wracked with unimaginable pain was, why is it always me?

 

 

When Danny first started doing minor ghost- and time-related errands for Clockwork, after the whole ecto-acne-resurgence thing, he’d been forced to sit through a lecture on dimension travel. He’d actually paid attention to it because it’d sounded pretty cool at the time, and it really was. The ghost zone was actually somewhere both everywhere/when and nowhere/when all at once, both inside and outside of time and space at the same time. The kind of contradiction that made Danny’s Schrodinger existence possible in the first place. As such occasionally there would be special doors leading to completely different times and places from Danny’s own, and the thing that Clockwork had pressed on him the most was the way beings would sometimes… change after going through one. Something something, different dimensional wavelengths trying to translate a traveler’s nonsense molecules, yadda yadda. He didn’t really understand that part.

 

It did explain why, when he finally woke up from passing out and took stock of himself, he was only ninety percent freaked out.

 

“What the heck!?” He yelped, jumping around to try and take a better look at himself. Because sitting there in a shallow slightly-smoking furrow in the ground caused by his probably high fall was one problem. His complete lack of balance, or clothes, or human skin was another.

 

Instead of his usual pasty skin he was faced with bone-white scales so colorless they’d make Sam do the goth version of jealous swooning. Little dots and swirling lines of red scales accented his lines, like the pattern on his favorite t-shirt.  The scales were small and pointed, a series of perfectly interlocking diamond shapes that gave his skin an almost leathery feeling while still being tough enough he barely felt it when he accidentally whacked his tail hard against a nearby boulder.

 

“Ow!” Danny yelped, but even though he understood what he’d said he could also hear that it’d come out sounding more like a yelp than actual words. Probably because my head and throat aren’t shaped right for speaking , he thought almost hysterically, and took a couple minutes to go through some breathing exercises Jazz had taught him.

 

During his exercises he noticed his wings flopped down on his sides, large ones that felt kind of weird to control. It was like having an extra pair of arms, but also not? At least they were the only pair of fins he could see that he’d have to worry about controlling. His tail didn’t seem to have any. Actually his tail looked kinda weird, now that he was looking at it. Sort of stubby, and the ridges along his spine looked less pointy and more rounded? He took a couple sniffs (oh boy, he was going to have to get used to doing that wasn’t he) and gummed at it with underdeveloped teeth for another few seconds before realizing what was wrong.

 

Stubby tail and teeth and legs, wings and head too proportionally big for his body, the strange urge to pounce on something and/or throw a tantrum over his situation…

 

“…Oh my god I’m a baby dragon aren’t I,” he breathed. He slumped his head on the ground and covered it with his hands (paws?), letting out a long, low whine of distress. Just because he was fifteen didn’t mean he was a baby!

 

Okay, okay. This was totally fine. He’d been in his ghost form when he went through the dimensional portal, right? So obviously this was his ghost form. Besides, Dora turned into a dragon all the time and she was fine, Danny just had to turn back to a human and he’d be good. Easy!

 

He stood up with a deep breath, stumbling a bit from the unfamiliar weight balance. A few seconds of concentration was all that was needed before an unearthly white ring appeared around his middle, separating across the two halves of him and revealing his other form.

 

White scales were replaced with black, red patterns with etched green lines that he swore changed every time he blinked or looked away. Previously blunted points were now sharp enough to pierce probably even his own scales, and he couldn’t see them but he just knew his eyes had changed from a light blue to a poisonous Ghost Zone green.

 

Danny stared incredulously at his transformation for a couple of seconds. He seemed to be doing that sort of thing a lot right now, but that was completely justified. 

 

He’d probably passed out while being yanked through the portal and instead of changing from dragon to human, he could change from dragon to ghost dragon.

 

“…Fuck.”

 

 

Many minutes of freaking out and processing his new bodies later, a non-ghost dragon Danny crawled out of his ditch and started looking around. Step two of Fenton Family Wilderness Survival training, after step one of taking stock of himself and not panicking , had taught him to figure out his surroundings and see if he could find anything out.

 

First thing’s first: he doesn’t see the portal he came through anywhere among the surrounding trees. It had probably closed by now, given however long he’d been knocked out and then freaking out. Danny swallowed. His only bet was to hope he could find another portal back eventually, though the chances were very, very low.

 

“Well there goes that plan,” he grumbled to himself. “Now I just have to see if there’s anyone nearby. Though… would there be?” Had the portal changed him into a dragon because there weren’t any humans in this dimension? He didn’t want to imagine how hard that might make it to communicate with them- just because ghost speak acted as a universal translator for all languages ever didn’t mean it translated important things like the body language parts very well.

 

Danny shook his head to get himself back on track. He stood up on wobbly legs and spent three minutes trying to learn to walk before he figured out he could use his ghostly flight instead in this form. He didn’t quite know why a dragon with wings would need to be able to float but he’s not complaining. It’s much easier for him.

 

Slowly floating up gives him a good view of his surroundings. It’s nighttime and very dark out, but the full moon above him casts enough light for him to see the small island he’d landed on. There’s basically nothing on it but a few trees and rocks, it looks like. He can vaguely see a couple shapes near the horizon that might be more islands, but they’re a bit far away.

 

“Great, I’m stuck in the middle of nowhere again with no idea where I am. This day is going just- hold on. What’s that?” Danny squints at a bright blue glow he can see, previously hidden behind his island’s single cliff. It looks ghostly, like his own current glow but blue, and he can’t help the excitement that courses through him. It’s a different color from usual, but maybe it’s a portal back to the Zone! He’s zooming over before he can really think about it, wings and tail blending into a stream of ghostly smoke like his human legs often did.

 

His excitement is short-lived however, when he turns the corner around the cliff to reveal nothing but the waves glowing blue as they crashed against the cliff. The disappointment he felt was crushing, and he barely prevented himself from wilting all the way down to the ocean.

 

“Darnit… just some glowing algae,” he glared. He was much more of a space nerd than an ocean nerd, but Sam had told him a lot about glowing algae when she’d first discovered it and he’d thought they were pretty cool too.

 

A sudden loud, high-pitched shriek startled him out of his thoughts, a large flowing shape bursting out of the water and barely missing him. He spun through the air with a startled “Woah!” And just barely managed to stop himself before he slammed into the cliff.

 

“Hey! What was that for!?” He squawked, eyes widening as he spotted what had almost hit him. It was a large animal, probably a dragon given what he was, but it didn’t look anything like any kind of dragon he’d heard of before. It glowed for one thing, and not the faint, hypnotically shifting green glow of his current ghost form, but a bright blue shine that had disguised itself among the algae below.

 

“LEAVE, MINE,” the strange dragon shrieked again, and Danny was only slightly startled that the universal ghost language did apparently translate dragonese after all. “FILTHY THIEF!”

 

“I’m not a thief,” Danny protested hotly. “I wasn’t even doing anything!” The other dragon seemed unconvinced but it also wasn’t immediately attacking him again, so that was a good thing. It was floating in front of and a bit below him, hovering protectively over the algae. “I just need to find a ghost portal. Have you seen one? It’d be about yay big, green, glowing kinda like that algae-“

 

“MY FOOD!” The dragon turned suddenly aggressive again, making an aborted snap at Danny that sent him sitting near the top of the cliff. His swirling green glow softly illuminated the rock around him.

 

“It’s not your algae, it’s a portal,” Danny groaned, floating back down a bit closer so he didn’t have to shout but keeping a cautious distance. “It’s a completely different glow- it's green, like my, uh, glow.”

 

The strange dragon eyed him cautiously. “Your glow?” It asked speculatively, much calmer than before. Danny nodded in relief at managing to get that through the dragon’s head.

 

“Yes, like my glow. Do you know where it is?”

 

“You are hatchling,” the dragon said instead of answering. Danny’s response was an indignant, “Hey! I’m not a baby, you glow stick!”

 

The dragon didn’t seem to be listening. It suddenly surged up at him, jaws open and spewing a glowing cloud of gas as it went that looked like his ghost sense pumped through a fog machine on steroids. Danny didn’t stick around to find out what the mist did.

 

He was very quick to nope out of the situation as fast as he could, which was both faster and slower than he’d expected. He didn’t want to know what the dragon intended to do, especially since it looked big enough to swallow him in two bites. The dragon followed behind for a little bit, but quickly lost sight when Danny turned invisible and changed course to one of the distant islands he’d seen before.

 

“Well that certainly could have gone better. Note to self: other dragons will probably try to eat me. Be careful around them.”

 

Danny flew on in silence for another minute until he felt far enough away to drop the invisibility.

 

“…Be careful around them? What am I, Jazz?” He muttered to himself. He was self aware enough to know that the most he’d do was keep a couple more feet of distance than he normally would. He was friendly like that. (If he was any more like Jazz, he would have called it stupidity.)

 

 

Two days later and Danny was growing very tired of the constant flying very quickly. He didn’t know how, but no matter how long he kept up his invisibility the glowing dragon was somehow managing to track his every move. It was better than even Skulker at tracking him, and Danny was having a hard time sleeping after the last time he tried when it managed to fully pick him up with its mouth before he’d woken up. That’d been a fun surprise. 

 

His latest attempt to lose his stalker was flying around in his non-ghost dragon form. It was always much more tiring to use his powers while not dead, and he still hadn’t mastered flying with wings instead, but a steady combination of both was helping him learn. It wasn’t much help though since his powers were on the fritz- he was fine in his ghost form, but he hadn’t had so many accidental power usages while alive since he’d first gotten his powers.




It was currently daytime, the sun high in the mostly cloudless sky, and he was just trying to make his way to some small dots of islands he could see in the distance without using his ghost powers at all. There was a lot of gliding involved. He’d also noticed some small differences between his two forms- the ghost form was bigger, sharper, and, well, felt generally older than his alive form. He didn’t really know what that meant but he refused to think about how the glowing dragon had been into something, calling him a ‘hatchling’.

 

Danny’s attention was suddenly caught by a shiny dot rising up from one of the distant island specks. He started beating his wings a little bit, trying to get closer, and smiled when he realized it was another dragon.

 

“Hey! Hello!” He called out in greeting. Other than the glowing dragon and a couple of much smaller, much more stupid dragons that kept trying to chew on his tail, he’s yet to see a single other being. This is his first opportunity to talk with someone on hopefully peaceful terms. He doesn’t want to start out fighting every dragon he met like he did with ghosts when he first half-died.

 

“Listen, I’m just wondering if you know- wait, is that a human?” Danny stopped a small distance away from the metallic dragon, staring at the small figure on its back. He almost slipped out of the air but hopefully floated himself back up before anyone noticed. He couldn’t help it though- he had been starting to think there weren’t any humans here, but on closer inspection those islands below were actually boats. “Dude, you have no idea how happy I am to see you guys. You can help me with my stalker problem if you’re not aggressive! You’re not aggressive, right?”

 

The metallic dragon barely managed to let out a whirr of confusion and warning before a whistling sound came up behind him. Danny yelped as something wrapped around his wings and limbs painfully, and suddenly he was plummeting towards the ground.

 

“You’re aggressive!” He managed to scream before he hit the water below with a large splash. He was so surprised and stunned he didn’t even have time to think about escape before he was being dragged up the side of the ship. As soon as he realized what was going on he started wriggling as best he could, but the bonds were tight and his teeth weren’t sharp enough to cut through the rope.  

 

“Aww, what’s a lil’ baby like you doing all alone?” A voice crooned next to him. It comes with a fat finger scratching roughly at his chin, and that was when he found out that his teeth apparently couldn’t even cut through skin. And also that the offending redhead needed to take a bath. While he was busy trying to cough up the taste the weirdo shifted his hold to the scruff of Danny’s neck, shaking the little dragon around loosely.

 

“Put that thing down Dagur, before it bites your hand off,” came another voice. This one was from the human on the dragon, who’d landed on the ship’s deck. Danny sent her a betrayed glare even though he really shouldn’t have expected any better with his luck. 

 

“But look at it! All it’s got are these little nubs! The thing probably couldn’t bite its way out of a pile of leaves.”

 

“I am not helpless!” Danny wriggled his arms in anger, which was still futile given his tied-up state. “That’s it, I’m done with you guys!” He didn’t really want to reveal any ghost powers but he was a dragon now, and that meant he got to try breathing fire. He inhaled a long breath, chest puffing up almost as big as his head, and EXHALED A FIERY STREAM OF PAIN!

 

…Or at least, that was what he wanted to happen. Instead a small glob of blue plasma dripped out of his mouth like a sad drop of spit. It dropped onto the wooden deck and sizzled a hole barely big enough to fit a pinky finger through. 

 

The whole deck of wannabe-Vikings erupted into laughter. Danny’s eyebrows drooped low in frustration as the wacko holding him nearly slammed him into the mast, he was laughing so hard.

 

“Whatever kind it is, it’s not gonna fetch much gold unless it grows into something actually useful, and bigger,” a third human stepped up. This man had muscles bigger than Danny’s body and a grouchy attitude to match. He reminded Danny of Skulker, if Skulker was less…boisterous. Look at him go using those big words Jazz taught him- but anyway, the point is that the muscle head was giving Danny bad vibes. “ If it turns into something useful. Stick the thing below deck, Viggo’ll know what to do with it.”

 

This was when Danny decided that retreat was a great option in this case too. And he really didn’t want to show off his powers, but beggars couldn’t be choosers- right as the red-headed fruitloop opened his mouth to say something and swung his arms forward Danny’s powers glitch again, going intangible just in time to phase through the ropes, Dagur’s hand and head, and the top deck of the ship. There was silence for two seconds before he heard panicked shouting from above him. Danny shook his head to clear it, trying not to get upset over his continued lack of control. He took the time to snicker at the hunters and got ready to go ghost and fly off before he heard a voice.

 

“Hatchling?” Someone called, and Danny turned to see another dragon in front of him. This one, a large round one that looks like it could knock him over by breathing too hard at him, was locked behind metal bars and chained to the ship.

 

“Are you going to attack me too?” Danny asked warily. The round dragon luckily looked offended at the mere suggestion and drew back with a gasp.

 

“No, I would never! But you must leave hatchling, before they find you.” The dragon glanced frantically above them, shifting in place and jangling their chains. Danny’s eyes edgain a determined glint and he stepped forward decisively.

 

“I’m not going to just leave you in here. I’m going to get you out,” he said firmly. A couple of steps forward and some quick application of intangibility had the stranger sliding out of both the chains and the cell. “You’re free now, let’s go!”

 

“Thank you young one, but- look out!”

 

“WhataaaAAAAAAAA!” The friendly dragon’s warning came too late. Danny had half a second to tense at the smell of blood blossoms before something buried itself in his side and unimaginable pain hit him like a train. It was worse than his previous experiences because it felt like it was inside him somehow, and he had another half second of shrieking and writhing on the ground to deliriously wonder how they’d gotten him to eat some without knowing before he passed out.

 

 

He woke up panting feverishly in a dark metal cage, the smell of blood blossoms pushing his head into the center of the already cramped space. It didn’t affect him as much as when he was in his ghost form (except, apparently, if they get in him somehow), but they still reeked worse than Dash’s socks after P.E. And don’t ask him how he knows that.

 

The quick swaying and sounds of footsteps told him he was in a small handheld cage covered with a tarp of some kind, probably being carried by some grunt. There was more footsteps, muffled voices, a change in lighting, and Danny was set down on a wood surface with an ungraceful grunt. 

 

“Here’s the mystery dragon. We still have no idea what it is,” comes the gruff voice of Less Excited Skulker. A different voice hummed and suddenly the tarp was being lifted off the cage.

 

Danny blinked in the sudden torch light, glaring at the three people in front of him. Not-Skulker stood behind him, in between Danny and what looked like the entrance to the tent they were in. In front of Danny was the person who was riding that shiny dragon, some black haired girl he hated on sight if only because trying to talk to her got him into this mess in the first place. She sent him a wincing look when she spotted his glare, one that vanished quickly as the third person stepped closer. This man was shorter than the others and looked less buff than the girl, but his facial hair was dumb and Danny didn’t like the look in his eye.

 

“I’m sure we’ll figure it out eventually brother, there’s no need to worry about it. You said it just passed through obstacles like they weren’t even there?” Stupid Facial Hair stuck a finger through the bars, one Danny almost managed to snap down on before it retreated. His teeth wouldn’t have broken skin, but Danny bet they could have broken his finger bone. That was when he noticed the source of the awful blood blossom smell- what looks like arrows dipped in poison, probably what hit him before he’d passed out, were strapped all over the outside of the cage. Some bars were even just covered in the gel, like they’d not wanted to waste anymore arrows.

 

“It slipped right through Dagur, and managed to break a gronckle out of its cage before we caught up with it. The dragon root took it down quick though. It looks like it hurt the little thing a lot,” the girl added. Danny was getting tired of being called an it, but an attempted slip of intangibility backfired the second he touched the blood blossom gel- or, apparently, dragon root gel. His tail got barely halfway through the metal bars before he drew it back with a hiss, the use of his powers making the pain worse