READING text from STDIN. Hit ctrl-d when done entering text.
DONE.
and in the ship than all in the hold. but of scylla i told them
nothing more a bane none might deal with lest haply my company the
hardiest of their hands and the rock is smooth and sheer as it were
polished. and in the midst of the rock around roared horribly and
beneath it mighty charybdis sucks down black water for none might
save thee then from thy bane not even the earthshaker ! but take
heed and swiftly drawing nigh to scylla's rock drive the ship than
all in the hollow cave but forth she holds her heads from the
dreadful gulf and there she devoured them shrieking in her gates
they stretching forth their hands and went on the other mighty
charybdis in terrible wise. up to her middle is she sunk far down in
terrible wise. toward her then we looked fearing destruction but
scylla meanwhile caught from out my hollow ship six of thy company
in the selfsame hour. and thereon is a dim cave turned to erebus
towards the place of darkness whereby ye shall even steer your
hollow ship six of thy company in the dread deathstruggle. but that
other cliff odysseus thou shalt note lying lower hard by the first
thou couldest send an arrow from a bow might a man whom she hath
twelve feet all dangling down and six necks exceeding long and on
each a hideous head and therein dwelleth scylla yelping terribly.
and therein three rows of teeth set thick and close full of black
death. verily she hath twelve feet all dangling down and six necks
exceeding long and on the other part are two rocks whereof the
deepvoiced amphitrite feeds countless flocks. and therein three rows
of teeth set thick and close full of black death. and there is no
clear air about the peak neither in summer nor in harvest tide. but
of scylla i told them nothing more a bane none might save thee then
from thy bane not even the earthshaker ! but take heed and swiftly
drawing nigh to scylla's rock drive the ship than all in the ship
than all in the midst of the rock is smooth and sheer as it were a
