MSDNC (Comcast Slime) @CNN and others of the Fake Media have now added Crazy Bernie to the list of Russian Sympathizers along with @TulsiGabbard and Jill Stein (of the Green Party) both agents of Russia they say. But now they report President Putin wants Bernie (or me) to win.
Internal REAL Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates. The Fake News Polls (here we go again just like 2016) show losing or tied. Their polls will be proven corrupt on November 3rd just like the Fake News is corrupt!
Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful under construction Southern Border Wall “fell over” trying to make it sound terrible except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured and soaking wet when big winds kicked in. Quickly fixed “forever”.
Fake News @CNN and MSDNC have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in New Hampshire (and in Iowa). That’s why they are poorly rated Fake News! I will win both states in November.
The Fake News Media is looking hard for the Big Democrat Story but there is nothing too fabulous. Wouldn’t a big story be that I got more New Hampshire Primary Votes than any incumbent president in either party in the history of that Great State? Not an insignificant fact!
Hope the Fake News which never discusses it is talking about the big crowds forming for my New Hampshire Rally tonight. They won’t!
Leading also in New Hampshire and most states. The Fake News hates to report this but you will see on November 3rd. 'URL'
More Fake News. This was photoshopped obviously but the wind was strong and the hair looks good? Anything to demean! 
Fake News @CNN and MSDNC keep talking about “Lt. Col.” Vindman as though I should think only how wonderful he was. Actually I don’t know him never spoke to him or met him (I don’t believe!) but he was very insubordinate reported contents of my “perfect” calls incorrectly and...
Mini Mike is part of the Fake News. They are all working together. In fact Bloomberg isn’t covering himself (too boring to do) or other Dems. Only Trump. That sounds fair! It’s all the Fake News Media and that’s why nobody believes in them any more.
Trump poll numbers are the highest since election despite constant phony Witch Hunts! Tens of thousands of people attending rallies (which the Fake News never mentions) to see “The Greatest Show On Earth”. Fun because USA is WINNING AGAIN! 'URL'
Congratulations to @loudobbs Number One. Lou has shown the Fake News what happens when you cover “America’s Greatest President”  fairly and objectively! #MAGA #KAG 'URL'
BIGGEST TRADE DEAL EVER MADE the USMCA was signed yesterday and the Fake News Media barely mentioned it. They never thought it could be done. They have zero credibility!
.....So what the hell has happened to @FoxNews. Only I know! Chris Wallace and others should be on Fake News CNN or MSDNC. How’s Shep Smith doing? Watch this will be the beginning of the end for Fox just like the other two which are dying in the ratings. Social Media is great!
Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Corrupt Press just had a “totally” softball interview with conman Adam Schiff never even calling Shifty out on his fraudulent statement to Congress where he made up ALL of the words of my conversation with the Ukrainian President! FAKE NEWS
Our case against lyin’ cheatin’ liddle’ Adam “Shifty” Schiff Cryin’ Chuck Schumer Nervous Nancy Pelosi their leader dumb as a rock AOC and the entire Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Party starts today at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews @OANN or Fake News @CNN or Fake News MSDNC!
Big story. Hope Fake News covers it! 'URL'
“It’s about the Economy stupid” except when it comes to Trump. The fact is the Fake News Media hates talking about the Economy and how incredible it is!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “imminent” or not and was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES. but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
The Democrats and the Fake News are trying to make terrorist Soleimani into a wonderful guy only because I did what should have been done for 20 years. Anything I do whether it’s the economy military or anything else will be scorned by the Rafical Left Do Nothing Democrats!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “eminent” or not and was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES. but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
The Fake News said I played golf today and I did NOT! I had meeting in various locations while closely monitoring the U.S. Embassy situation in Iraq which I am still doing. The Corrupt Lamestream Media knew this but not surprisingly failed to report or correct!
He is Fake News will always be Fredo to us. I should release some of his dishonest interviews? Coupled with bad ratings he’d be out! 'URL'
I want to thank Rush Limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Movement and our KEEP AMERICA GREAT Agenda! He is a major star who never wavered despite the Fake News Hits he has had to endure. His voice is far bigger than theirs!
The new USA Today Poll just out has me leading all of the Democrat contenders. That’s hard to believe since the Fake News and 3 year Scams and Witch Hunts as phony as they are just never seem to end. The American people are smart. They see the great economy and everything else!
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS! The Impeachment Hoax is the greatest con job in the history of American politics! The Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party are working overtime to make life for the United Republican Party and all it stands for as difficult as possible!
Fake News! 'URL'
Schiff’s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the I.G. Report)! A very big lie. @MariaBartiromo And @DevinNunes has turned out to be completely right. Congratulations to Devin. The Fake News Media should apologize to all!
Both Commiecast MSNBC and Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK.  Fredo on CNN is dying. Don’t know why @FoxNews wants to be more like them? They’ll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. How’s Shep doing?
The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!
It’s great to have a wonderful subject President Trump. Fake News like CNN and MSNBC are dying. If they treated me fairly they would do well. Have Zero credibility! 'URL'
I got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more and the U.S. less and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didn’t think that was possible!
Fake News @CNN is reporting that I am “still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings.” This is totally false information and reporting. I haven’t had a personal cell phone for years. Only use government approved and issued phones. Retract!
Do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses “anonymous sources” having to do with trade or any other subject. Only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. The Fake News Media makes up many “sources say” stories. Do not believe them!
The story today that we are sending 12000 troops to Saudi Arabia is false or to put it more accurately Fake News!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along great with the NATO leaders even getting them to pay $130 Billion a year more and $400 Billion a year more in 3 years. No increase for U.S. only deep respect!
Great writer and historian Doug Wead has written a true (not Fake News) account of what is going on in Washington and the White House. His new book INSIDE TRUMP’S WHITE HOUSE is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our Country’s history. Buy it!
The D.C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Courts to testify before Congress. I am fighting for future Presidents and the Office of the President. Other than that I would actually like people to testify. Don McGahn’s respected....
This is a great and well reseached book on Justice K. The Ruth Marcus book is a badly written and reseached disaster. So many incorrect facts. Fake News just like the @washingtonpost! 'URL'
Our Crazy Do Nothing (where’s USMCA infrastructure lower drug pricing and much more?) Speaker of the House Nervous Nancy Pelosi who is petrified by her Radical Left knowing she will soon be gone (they and Fake News Media are her BOSS) suggested on Sunday’s DEFACE THE NATION....
Never has the Republican Party been so united as it is now. 95% A.R. This is a great fraud being played out against the American people by the Fake News Media and their partner the Do Nothing Democrats. The rules are rigged by Pelosi and Schiff but we are winning and we will win!
Dowd never understood the pulse of the Republican Party present or past. He’s just a 3rd rate hit job for Fake News @ABC! 'URL'
So with one Rally by me at the end of the campaign I lift the poll numbers of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin by 19 points he just misses every other Republican in the Commonwealth wins big and the Fake News blames me for a bad night! OK! By the way Mississippi won everything!
But the Fake News will never show this. Thank you! 'URL'
RT @RealKyleMorris: Alabama loves President @realDonaldTrump. This is what the fake news media won’t show you. #MAGA 🇺🇸'URL'
Fake News is reporting that I am talking to Mark Burnett about doing a big show perhaps The Apprentice after the presidency which I would assume they mean in 5 years. This is not true never had such a conversation don’t even have time to think about it. False reporting!
The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters Matt Zapotosky Josh Dawsey and Carol Leonnig wrote another Fake News story without any sources (pure fiction) about Bill Barr and myself. We both deny this story which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!
The story in the Amazon Washington Post of course picked up by Fake News CNN saying “President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine” is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don’t exist....
#ElectionNight  Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. @MattBevin picked up at least 15 points in last days but perhaps not enough (Fake News will blame Trump!). Winning in Mississippi Governor race!
RT @OrlandoWeekly: Florida county denies library subscriptions to the New York Times because it's 'fake news''URL'
RT @realDonaldTrump: All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
The Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblower’s identity which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners never reaches the Public.
Fake News! 'URL'
The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but being an arm of the Democrat Party don’t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay.  Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!
Wrong never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway or Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! 'URL'
Wrong never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway ot Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! 'URL'
Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7 and free but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats and their Partner the Fake News Media! I’m surprised that they allow me to give up my $400000 Plus Presidential Salary! We’ll find someplace else!
So interesting that when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G-7 and then rescinded due to Do Nothing Democrat/Fake News Anger very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken or would be given FREE if legally permissible!
Tonight we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the Democrat Party the Fake News Media and the rogue bureaucrats of the Deep State. The only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3 2020! #KAG2020 'URL'
This number based on the Economy and how well our Country is doing would potentially be 75% if not for the Fake News and Phony Witch Hunt. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! 'URL'
RT @realDonaldTrump: FAKE NEWS! 'URL'
FAKE NEWS! 'URL'
Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people most of whom I do not know they are interviewing for 9 hours each not selective leaks.
Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
RT @ericbolling: “Lockdown”?? #FakeNews@SecPompeo gave me unprecedented access at State this week. Answered all my questions about Ukrai…
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! 'URL'
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by  @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! 'URL'
Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy! 'URL'
Only 25 percent want the President Impeached which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong. It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
The Biden family was PAID OFF pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.....
It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son Hunter who was handed $100000 a month (PlusPlus) from a Ukrainian based company even though he had no experience in energy...
We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the “Press” but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are and it makes our job a whole lot easier!
Fake News just like the snakes and gators in the moat. The Media is deranged they have lost their minds! 'URL'
“The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by @FoxNews show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden.” @MariaBartiromo  Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY however was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!
“The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT unless you heard Liddle’ Adam Schiff’s fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media together with their partner the Democrat Party HOAX!
The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens which is hard to do!
These Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying and cheating like never before in our Country’s history in order to destabilize the United States of America and it’s upcoming 2020 Election. They and the Fake News Media are Dangerous and Bad!
RT @lukepascal2: The real one mark Levin just totally curved Ed Henry and his fake news. Career is gone now! Can we face off Levin and worl…
RT @BulldawgDerek: @foxandfriends A Sunday Morning; Amen Mark Levin Preach Brother!  You shut down Ed Henry and the fake news with the fac…
RT @jh690208: Love You Mark Levin for calling Ed Henry out on Fox News. Ed Henry has turned into fake news ship him to CNN. Get Ed Henry of…
The Fake News doesn’t dare mention the corrupt Democrats! 'URL'
....The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President who told the Fake News at the United Nations that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!
Thank you to General McMaster. Just more Fake News! 'URL'
.....nice call with with the new President of Ukraine it could not have been better or more honorable and the Fake News Media and Democrats working as a team have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn’t bad it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!
A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice no pressure call. Another Witch Hunt!
RT @TeamTrump: Stop what you’re doing...WATCH us expose the #FakeNews Media LIES about @realDonaldTrump!They selectively deleted 500+ w…
This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge! 'URL'
Now the Fake News Media says I “pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him.” This supposedly comes from a so-called “whistleblower” who they say doesn’t even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat/Crooked Media con.....
...The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesn’t check for the accuracy of the facts they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners the Democrats. It is so wrong but they don’t even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!!!!
Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State and a probably illegal Democrat/Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone “bust” on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!
....story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong but Biden’s demand on the other hand was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesn’t want to report!
The Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son or they won’t get a very large amount of U.S. money so they fabricate a.....
The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media partners headed up again by Little Adam Schiff and batting Zero for 21 against me are at it again! They think I may have had a “dicey” conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a “highly partisan” whistleblowers..
Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader I understand that there may be many people listening from various U.S. agencies not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!
“The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim.” @foxandfriends  The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner the Dems.
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).
....Then on top of it all Kathleen Parker of all people wrote “In Case You Were Wondering Trump Won The Debate.” True but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!
Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her she knows ZERO about me has NO talent and truly doesn’t have the “it” factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation and now works for the Comcast/NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!
If it weren’t for the never ending Fake News about me and with all that I have done (more than any other President in the first 2 1/2 years!) I would be leading the “Partners” of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry but true!
....This is a phony suppression poll meant to build up their Democrat partners. I haven’t even started campaigning yet and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia Russia Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop down big in the Polls WINS. Easier than 2016!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Greg Murphy won big 62% to 37% in North Carolina 03 and the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger…
Greg Murphy won big 62% to 37% in North Carolina 03 and the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight Greg and Dan!
.@CNN and @MSNBC were all set to have a BIG victory until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about or cover the race. Fake News never wins!
A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create...
Great news that an activist investor is now involved with ATandT. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS @CNN perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible “anchors.” Also I hear that because of its bad ratings it is losing a fortune.....
...But most importantly @CNN is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information and Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me “Why does the Media hate the U.S. sooo much?” It is a fraudulent shame and all comes from the top!
...FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story but the LameStream Media just won’t let it alone. They always have to have the last word even though they know they are defrauding and deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!
The Economy is great. The only thing adding to “uncertainty” is the Fake News!
The Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian that in addition to Florida and other states Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy hoping against hope that I made a mistake (which I didn’t). Check out maps.....
....This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for like the Witch Hunt or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat.....
I was with you all the way Alabama. The Fake News Media was not! 'URL'
Just as I said Alabama was originally projected to be hit. The Fake News denies it! 'URL'
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path (up along the East Coast). The Fake News knows this very well. That’s why they’re the Fake News!
....said what she did even being on a much higher rated show she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!
....Instead it turned North and went up the coast where it continues now. In the one model through Florida the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!
This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama. I accept the Fake News apologies! 'URL'
8 FACTS that #FakeNewsCNN will ignore in tonight’s “Climate Forum”
....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
....The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country they have never been so bad!
The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence O’Donnell for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I (and many millions of GREAT supporters) have had to put up with for years. So bad for the USA!
There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent Fake or Corrupt! When the “Age of Trump” is looked back on many years from now I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News!
Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post (lobbyist) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall (which is going up rapidly) I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!
They do stories so big on Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren’s crowd sizes adding many more people than are actually there and yet my crowds which are far bigger get no coverage at all. Fake News!
The G7 in France was so successful and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News and watched numerous networks it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event!
The G-7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!
Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7 only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous never happened!
The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!
In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders and many others are getting a major case study of Fake News at it’s finest! They’ve got it all wrong from Iran to China Tariffs to Boris!
Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7. The Fake News knows this but they can’t help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J.
....having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH...And yet when I saw the reporting CNN MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news and me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!
For all of the Fake News Reporters that don’t have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers China etc. try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977. Case closed!
Other good polls also in fifties despite only Fake News and then phony polls by A.P. CNN NBC and as always Fox who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election! 'URL'
This despite the Fake News and Polls! 'URL'
The Economy is strong and good whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media together with their Partner the Democrat Party are working overtime to convince people that we are in or will soon be going into a Recession. They are.....
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the “create” a U.S. recession even though the numbers and facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people but that doesn’t matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong sorry!
The LameStream Media is far beyond Fake News they are treading in very dangerous territory! 'URL'
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Great cohesion inside the Republican Party the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest we’ve had so far! Think what they’d be if I got fair media coverage!
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
RT @OliverMcGee: Retweet The Lies False Facts and Fake News of @CNN's @Acosta on @POTUS!Raise Your Hand if you LOVE @realDonaldTrump has S…
The Fake News Media HATES to see this! 'URL'
Biggest crowd EVER according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems and their Partner LameStream Media saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People! 'URL'
Walmart a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing just released outstanding numbers. Our Country unlike others is doing great! Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise.
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade and everyone knows that including China!
Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud Ze
